Update templates-best-practices.md (#1315)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/13_Templates/templates-best-practices.md

- You can view the Git YAML differences for the pipeline and see which lines have been modified.

- To update the template click Save. Harness reconciles the change making it the default state.

> - Reconciliation is on-demand, we need to click on 3 dots next to run button and click on reconcile to check for runtime inputs validations, It will tell us if there is a need for reconciliation or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To check for runtime input validations, click on the three dots next to **Run** and select **Reconcile**. The UI indicates if reconciliation is necessary.
```
